# Tic-Tac-Toe
In this project, I will be attempting to create the popular game Tic Tac Toe. I will be incorporating 3 front-end technologies: HTML, CSS, and JS. 

Things that I have improved on this project: Lesson learned from previous project, I spent about half an hour sitting down to design the architecture of my project (such as creating how many classes, include what kind of functions in each class, what kind of instance var do I need, do I want to assign className or id to my DOM elements, etc). What a wonder planning ahead has done for me. This is the first project that I've actually finished in less than 1 day. I simply followed the steps that I wrote down. It not only sped up the process but also saved me a lot of headache. My code actually looks quite clean, and not all over the place like how it used to. Also, it's quite scalable. For example, when I wrote the tie and win functions, I could've simply add a bunch of if conditions. But then I thought, what if it's a 5x5 grid, or 7x7 grid, or 1000x1000 grid? There is no time for a thousand if functions. So I followed logic and utilized for loop instead. 


Hurdles I encountered during this project: 1. I noticed that if my main function does not include an addEventListener, the program will simply run behind the scence and no interactivity will take place even though I have addEventListener as funciton in my classes. It's a weird behavior. Maybe it's something that I am doing wrong. I have to look into it. 
2. I had a 2D array that represents the grid behind the scene. But what about on screen? How do I represent that? I thought of a clever solution: I set the id of each div into this format: [i][j], where i and j are positions of the 2d array. Then whenever a spot is clicked on, I just parsed that number in the id string. 
